add s3 interface (#28)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/s3/v0/README.md

- It is expected to provide the `endpoint` field containing a URL.
- It is expected to provide an optional `region` field for Region.
- It is expected to provide an optional `s3-uri-style` field for (S3 protocol specific) bucket path lookup. The field can take only `host` and `path` values.
- It is expected to provide an optional `storage-class` field for the S3 storage class.
- It is expected to provide an optional `tls-ca-chain` field for TLS verification. The field can take a list of strings. Each string should be in base64 form and represent one certificate. All certificates together should represent a complete CA chain which can be used for HTTPS validation.
- It is expected to provide an optional `s3-api-version` field for the (S3 protocol specific) API signature. The field can take only `2` and `4` values.
- It is expected to provide an optional `attributes` field for the custom metadata. The field can take a list of strings. Server-Side-Encryption headers should be passed into this field, if any.

### Requirer
- Is expected to provide a bucket name in the `bucket` field. Field value should be generated on Requirer side if no particular value set in Requirer juju config.

> - Is expected than Provider can ignore `bucket` field in some cases (e.g. S3Proxy or S3 Integrator) and provide correct bucket name back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is expected to tolerate that the Provider may ignore the `bucket` field in some cases (e.g. S3Proxy or S3 Integrator) and instead use the bucket name received.
```

Reviewer: Apparently @delgod, i'm not allowed to press "Commit change" on this suggestion as I don't have write access to your fork 😅
